[workers] Modify HMAC example (#12466)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/examples/signing-requests.md

title: Sign requests
weight: 1001
layout: example
---

> {{<Aside type="info">}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{<Aside type="note">}}
```
This is a regression from something already fixed in production.

> This example Worker makes use of the [Node.JS Buffer API](/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/buffer/), which is available as part of the Worker's runtime [Node.js compatibility mode](/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/). To run this Worker, you will need to [enable the `nodejs_compat` compatibility flag](http://localhost:5173/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/#enable-nodejs-with-workers)

Reviewer: We usually follow Node.js's own capitalization [on their website](https://nodejs.org/en) (`Node.js`).

> This example Worker makes use of the [Node.JS Buffer API](/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/buffer/), which is available as part of the Worker's runtime [Node.js compatibility mode](/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/). To run this Worker, you will need to [enable the `nodejs_compat` compatibility flag](http://localhost:5173/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/#enable-nodejs-with-workers)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example Worker makes use of the [Node.js Buffer API](/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/buffer/), which is available as part of the Worker's runtime [Node.js compatibility mode](/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/). To run this Worker, you will need to [enable the `nodejs_compat` compatibility flag](/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/#enable-nodejs-with-workers).
```
Partially a regression too (`localhost:5173`).

    const url = new URL(request.url);

    // This is a demonstration Worker that allows unauthenticated access to /generate

>     // In a real application you'd want to make sure that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // In a real application you would want to make sure that
```

    // users could only generate signed URLs when authenticated
    if (url.pathname.startsWith("/generate/")) {
      url.pathname = url.pathname.replace("/generate/", "/");

      const timestamp = Math.floor(Date.now() / 1000);

      // This contains all the data about the request that you want to be able to verify

>       // Here we only sign the timestamp and the pathname, but often you'll want to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      // Here we only sign the timestamp and the pathname, but often you will want to
```

>       // for more details on using NodeJS APIs in Workers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      // for more details on using Node.js APIs in Workers
```

    const url = new URL(request.url);

    // This is a demonstration Worker that allows unauthenticated access to /generate

>     // In a real application you'd want to make sure that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // In a real application you would want to make sure that
```

    // users could only generate signed URLs when authenticated
    if (url.pathname.startsWith("/generate/")) {
      url.pathname = url.pathname.replace("/generate/", "/");

      const timestamp = Math.floor(Date.now() / 1000);

      // This contains all the data about the request that you want to be able to verify

>       // Here we only sign the timestamp and the pathname, but often you'll want to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      // Here we only sign the timestamp and the pathname, but often you will want to
```
